# Push Smart Contracts

In order for the protocol to be chain-agnostic as well as truly decentralized, Push smart contracts play a major role.
The Push Protocol has now been divided into two different smart contracts, i.e., Push Core & Push Communicator.

**1. Push Core Contract:**
The PushCore protocol, as the name might indicate, is the main smart contract as it handles some of the most crucial features like Channel creation, governance, channel state changes as well as funds and incentive mechanisms, etc.
It’s very important to note, however, that the Push Core smart contract will only be deployed on the Ethereum blockchain and not on any other chain.

**2. Push Communicator Contract:**
Unlike the Push Core smart contract, the communicator protocol is designed to be deployed on multiple chains. This is also one of the imperative reasons behind the communicator contract being lightweight and not reliant on the core contract.

The Push Communicator protocol is comparatively quite simple. The communicator protocol includes features that allow users to subscribe to a channel, unsubscribe from a channel as well as the imperative one, i.e., sending notifications. As the communicator protocol can be deployed on various chains, it allows us to trigger notifications on multiple chains and not just the Ethereum blockchain.

## Questions
1. Which contract is responsible for governance as well as incentive mechanisms?
    * Push Core  
    * Push Communicator
2. To what extent is Push Communicator contract dependent on Push Core?
    * Very heavily dependent.
    * Doesn't need to interact with core at all.  

3. Which of the following is not true about Push Core contract
    * It can only be deployed on Ethereum
    * Core contract deals with creation of channels
    * Subscribing or unsubscribing features are built in the core contract.
    * None of the above.
